There were nine of us left.
Let's go together
Ouch, what is this Wuji doing?
I finally won a game, play slowly
What kind of indulgence are you indulging in here?
One on nine.
Did you think he was Ip Man?
Sect Master Ouyang
You new disciples of the Skywolf Sect are very arrogant!
Is Wuji this kid sure?
If it rolls over
Two big deals this year are all over
Don't mess around with business knots
Now is not the time to put you in the limelight
Yes, little junior brother, you are too dangerous
Xidajiu
Do you really think that my Tianpeng Sword Sect is a stinky fish and rotten shrimp?
He Daifan, I will ask if you dare
Like my dignified Canopy Sword Sect
Are you afraid of you, the jumping clown?
Sovereign
They wipe the door with water in their brains
Want one dozen nine
What if we promise him?
Sect Master Ouyang
What do you think?
9 disciples of Canopy Sword Sect
Defeated this Ye Wuji
You're lying again, it doesn't count if you bully more and less?
The master must not agree
This Ye Wuji is alone
How to defeat a siege of nine opponents